{"type":"PR","pr":{"number":16,"head":"c76b0c6fd142cb5c280d22e0066b245ab6642853"},"user":"Simon Fessehaye","status":"draft","branch":"cms/nov-14-meeting","collection":"meetings","title":"Nov 14 Meeting","description":"No Description!","objects":{"entry":{"path":"docs/meetings/nov-14-meeting.md","sha":"27ef8436cc11c1cd43e465a27653c33d0cb66812"},"files":[]},"timeStamp":"2019-11-15T05:30:32.870Z"}