---
title: March 1 2020 Meeting
---
Present: Victor, Zeke, Alex Z, Garnett, Vincent, Simon, Aaron, Samer 

**1. Monthlies** 

\- In part with the news of the updated PGR TTS and the SWT, we want to start to rebrand the first weekly of the month as a "monthly". 

\- Held on Saturday, the Friday event being cancelled and turned into a friendlies drop in. (This will apply to all weeklies prior to a major weekend event). 

\- Monthlies will have stricter on bracket operations. No DQ replacements. Payments during pre-registration. 

\- First Monthly for the first weekend of May (after post-sec finals). - Entry fee increased to $10 for Monthly. 

\- Venue fee increased to $5 with $20 pass. 

**2. Stream Production** 

\- Hiring Ash to provide stream services for paid events (taking the load off of Cam, and others). 

\- Zeke to obtain layouts and graphics. 

\- Victor & Zeke to talk with Red Bull and MemEx to obtain sponsorship details, including equipment (monitors, stream resources, etc). 

**3. UofA Club inquiries** 

\- Alex S to confirm restrictions on Red Bull partnership (UofA is contracted with Coke).

\- Alex S & Simon working to obtain additional storage 

\- Vincent & Simon to confirm club bank account to store funds under new UofA rules. 

\- Alex S to confirm if we can payout for internal and external services (including volunteers etc). 

**4. Volunteer Appreciation** 

\- Allocating budget to provide more for staff (in addition to payouts) in the form of parking reimbursement, donuts, coffee, (annual?) staff appreciation dinner, etc.